# GanKura
GanKura is a Hypixel Skyblock Mod focused on End Stone Protector etc, inspired by GolemUtils https://chattriggers.com/modules/v/GolemUtils

Type /gankura to open the settings menu.

# Features
<details><summary>End Stone Protector</summary><ul><li><strong>Stage Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the golem's stage on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Location Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the golem's spawn location on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Spawning Countdown</strong></li><ul><li>Displays 20s countdown on the HUD until the golem spawns. (Considering the server ticks)</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>HP Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the golem's HP on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Stage 4 Duration Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the time it took for the golem to reach Stage 5 on the HUD and chat.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Stage 4 & 5 Title</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the title and plays a sound when golem's stage is 4 or 5.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>DPS Calculator</strong></li><ul><li>Shows the DPS you and the top 3 players have dealt to the golem in the chat. (Considering the server ticks)</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Loot Quality Calculator</strong></li><ul><li>Shows your golem's loot quality in the chat.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Rare Drop Notification</strong></li><ul><li>Display rare drops from golems in title and chat.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Loot Tracker</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the HUD with rare drops from golems so far.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>World Location Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the golem's spawn location on the world.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Day 30 Alert</strong></li><ul><li>Announces if the Golem's Stage is 4 and the server's Day is 30 or higher.</li></ul></ul></details>
<details><summary>Dragon</summary><ul><li><strong>Egg Status Display</strong></li><ul><li>Display the current status of the dragon egg on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Summoning Eye Status Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the number of Summoning Eyes currently placed on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Spawn Title</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the type of summoned dragon in the title.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>DPS Calculator</strong></li><ul><li>Shows the DPS you and the top 3 players have dealt to the dragon in the chat. (Considering the server ticks)</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Loot Quality Calculator</strong></li><ul><li>Shows your dragon's loot quality in the chat.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Rare Drop Notification</strong></li><ul><li>Display rare drops from dragons in title and chat.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Loot Tracker</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the HUD with rare drops from dragons so far.</li></ul></ul></details>
<details><summary>Broodmother</summary><ul><li><strong>Stage Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the Broodmother's stage on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>HP Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the Broodmother's HP on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Stage 4 Duration Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the time it took for the Broodmother to reach Stage 5 on the HUD and chat.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Soon & Spawned Title</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the title and plays a sound when Broodmother's stage is 4 or 5.</li></ul></ul></details>
<details><summary>Misc</summary><ul><li><strong>Active Pet Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the pet you currently have equipped on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Armor Stack Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the number of armor stacks for Crimson, Terror, Aurora, Hollow, and Fervor on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Server Reboot Alert</strong></li><ul><li>Warning with sound and title when the server restarts.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Day Display</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the current age of the server on the HUD.</li></ul></ul><ul><li><strong>Arrow Poison Indicator</strong></li><ul><li>Displays the arrow poison indicator on your bows in the hotbar.</li></ul></ul></details>
